Ascendant Lord in Different Houses
1st House
If the Ascendant Lord has fallen in the Ascendant itself, the native will get physical comforts and physical prowess.
He will be thoughtful, intelligent, fickle-minded, will have two wives, and will have sexual relations with other women than his own wife.
This is a good combination for wealth and fame.
The native enjoys good health, long life, intelligence, and success in life.
If it is badly placed, it gives poor health, he will be fickle-minded, and will be involved in sinful deeds.
2nd House
When the Lord of the Ascendant has been placed in the 2nd House, the native will be gainful, learned, happy, good-natured, religious-minded, honorable, and will have many wives and good qualities.
The native earns money through his own efforts; he will be intelligent, good-natured, religious, and a person of reputation.
He will be close to family and friends, with very good observation power, and will be successful in business.
3rd House
Should the Ascendant Lord be placed in the Third House, the native will be equal to a lion in valor, will have all kinds of wealth, will be honorable, will have two wives, and be intelligent and happy.
This is a very good placement for creative fields, musicians, artists, and mathematicians.
If the 1st Lord is afflicted, these results are negative in nature.
4th House
Should the Ascendant Lord be in the 4th House, the native will be blessed with paternal and maternal happiness, many brothers, and will be lascivious, virtuous, and charming.
The native gets happiness through parents, will have many siblings, and possess a very pleasant personality.
The native will have a big and good house and will be blessed with various pleasures.
5th House
In case the Ascendant Lord has gone into the 5th House, the native will have mediocre happiness through his sons, the firstborn will not live, he will be honorable, wrathful, and a favorite of the king.
This is a relationship between two trines, making it the most auspicious location for the Ascendant Lord.
According to Jatak Parijat, if the Lord of the 1st House sits in the 5th House, the native's father will be a very famous person.
6th House
In the event of the Ascendant Lord having fallen in the 6th House, the native is deprived of bodily pleasures.
If the Ascendant Lord is under the influence of a malefic and has no benefic aspect on him, he will be troubled by an enemy.
A strong 1st House Lord here gives a big position in the army or medical field. If the Lagnesh is strong, the native will have a strong body and will be interested in sports.
7th House
If the Ascendant Lord is a malefic and occupies the 7th House, the native's wife will not live.
If the Ascendant Lord is a benefic planet, the native will be an aimless wanderer, penurious, of ascetic disposition, or become a king.
Since the 1st Lord aspects the Lagna from here, it gives strong health and personality to the native.
This is a good placement for health and prosperity, though sometimes it gives two marriages.
If the Lagnesh is in a moving sign, it indicates many journeys.
8th House
Should the well-placed Ascendant Lord occupy the 8th House, the native will be Siddha Vidya Visharada (having the knowledge of occult powers), sickly, thievish, extremely wrathful, a gambler, and given to traversing others' wives.
A strong Lagna Lord here gives money from lotteries, gambling, legacy, and speculation.
9th House
If the Ascendant Lord is situated in the 9th House, the native will be fortunate, dear to the people, a devotee of Lord Vishnu, skillful, an eloquent speaker, and endowed with a wife, sons, and wealth.
This is a favorable combination of Kendra and Trikona (trines).
It benefits the father, who may be famous, religious, and charitable.
An afflicted Lagna Lord will bring bad results; the native will be unfortunate, opposed by people, and disbelieving in religion.
10th House
Should the Ascendant Lord be situated in the 10th House, the native will be endowed with paternal happiness, enjoy royal favor, gain fame among men, and have self-earned wealth.
Self is in the house of Karma, making the native self-made.
An afflicted Lagna Lord can bring bad results, making the native workaholic.
11th House
In case the Ascendant Lord has been placed in the 11th House, the native will always have gains, good qualities, fame, and a good wife.
The elder brother will help the person.
The native will be wealthy, will move into higher society, and will own many vehicles.
12th House
The 12th House is the house of loss; the person suffers from bad health but, being the Moksha house, also gains a spiritual bent of mind.
If the 12th House is devoid of the conjunction or aspect of a benefic planet, the native will unfruitfully spend wealth and become very angry.
As the 12th House is related to foreign lands, the placement of the Lagna Lord can give foreign residence.
