Jupiter
Jupiter is known as Brihaspati- the guru of all Devtas. Planet Jupiter is the ruling planet of zodiac signs Sagittarius and Pisces.
Jupiter stays in a rashi for 13 months and controls the other.
Jupiter in Different Houses
1st House
Jupiter in the 1st house protects the native from many ill effects of other planets. According to BHPS, Jupiter in the 1st house protects the natives from 1.25 lakh obstacles in life.
If Jupiter is well-placed (in its own sign, exalted, or in a friendly sign), it makes the native very intelligent, fortunate, and rich.
Jupiter is the planet of dharma and wisdom. A well-placed Jupiter in the Lagna makes the person religious, charitable, and faithful to spouse and parents.
It gives a very pleasant and magnetic personality to the native; they start their career early and achieve early success.
Jupiter is the savior of marriage. If in the Lagna, it removes all the obstacles of marriage.
If Jupiter is afflicted, the natives will be egoistic, have less prana shakti, and misuse their knowledge in wrongful deeds.
2nd House
Jupiter in the 2nd house blesses the natives with a good, cultured, and renowned family.
The native will be soft-spoken and will speak only when required.
They will be fond of good food and will like sweets and juices.
The native will earn money through good deeds and will be able to save money as well.
2nd house Jupiter makes the person earn through wisdom and intellect; they will have multiple earning sources.
2nd Jupiter sometimes creates problems in marriage if afflicted, as it is the 8th house from the house of marriage.
2nd house Jupiter aspects the 6th house, 8th house, and 10th house, hence reducing enemies, giving parental wealth, and growing the job or business of the native.
If afflicted, Jupiter gives problems related to the mouth, liver, money, and family.
3rd House
A well-placed Jupiter in the 3rd house makes the person a very good orator and teacher.
Natives have spiritual inclinations and worship their dharma throughout life.
If Jupiter is in its own sign, exalted, or in a friendly sign, it makes the person very rich; a badly placed Jupiter makes the person poor and miserly.
It’s a very good placement for teaching, publication, spiritual practices, and learning.
If Jupiter is well-placed, the native's efforts yield fruitful results easily. They get pleasure from traveling and going on religious journeys.
4th House
This is one of the best positions for Jupiter, as not only does Jupiter give real happiness in life, but the person also enjoys all the pleasures of life.
The native gets a good home, cars, a good spouse, and a happy family life.
Jupiter aspects the 10th house from here, which improves the career of the native, and they perform good deeds to earn wealth.
4th house Jupiter decreases obstacles in life, increases spiritual tendencies in the native, and raises the chances of salvation.
5th House
The 5th house is the house of Purva Punya. Jupiter’s position here ensures that the native gets results of all good deeds from previous births' karma.
The native is well-educated and has very good decision-making powers.
The native has a strong inclination towards spirituality and mantra sadhana.
An afflicted Jupiter gives problems with children. If Jupiter is with malefic planets or aspected by malefics, it makes the person stubborn and moody.
If Jupiter is the lord of any trine or Kendra, then this position of Jupiter gives all the happiness and prosperity in life.
6th House
6th house Jupiter is considered very good for career but not so good for spirituality.
Since it aspects the 10th house, it gives a great career to the native.
Jupiter in the 6th house saves the native from all enemies and controversies.
If Jupiter is afflicted, it gives problems related to the liver, kidneys, and lower body.
7th House
It gives high standards in life, a very religious and good character in a spouse, pleasure from the opposite sex, and makes the person very intelligent and attractive.
The fortune of the natives increases after marriage.
The native has a very strong public life, hence sometimes overlooks duties towards the spouse. However, the spouse always supports the native's activities.
It’s a very good placement for partnerships, and if Jupiter is in combination with any Kendra or trine lord, it gives immense fortune to the native.
If Jupiter is afflicted, there are multiple problems in marriage and partnership.
8th House
Jupiter in the 8th house is good for spirituality and mantra sadhana but creates problems in other parts of life.
Jupiter and Venus in the 8th house create “Asur Yoga,” making the native speak lies, think only of themselves, cheat others, and engage in illegal acts.
The native will be stubborn and disliked by others.
8th house Jupiter gives a very long life and a peaceful death to the native.
9th House
A good placement will make the person spiritual and devoted.
It makes the native very rich and fortunate. They will have numerous properties and will donate to religious causes.
The natives are very intelligent and very good in communication.
An afflicted Jupiter in the 9th house makes the person characterless and dishonest.
Jupiter associated with benefic planets makes the native spiritual, but with malefic planets, the native becomes unpleasant.
Jupiter with Saturn here can form a “Sanyasa Yoga.”
10th House
Jupiter in the 10th house gives the person fame, name, and money in their career. The native is very close to politicians, diplomats, etc.
10th house Jupiter makes the person a very good teacher and coach.
They are top consultants, and people seek solutions from them.
10th house Jupiter gives good money, happiness, and less competition in career.
An afflicted Jupiter here can make the native hypocritical and unable to practice what they preach.
11th House
The native becomes rich gradually and very wealthy later in life.
They have very good friends and blessed children.
The native’s spouse respects them like a father figure and supports their endeavors.
It gives income from different sources.
The native's children will support them throughout life.
12th House
Not a very good position for Jupiter; the native aspires for sensual pleasures and gets angry easily.
It’s a good position for Moksha but not for children.
An afflicted Jupiter here destroys good yogas in the chart.
If well-placed, it reduces expenses and leads to religious deeds.
Jupiter in its own rashi, exalted, or with Ketu, gives salvation or Mukti.
