Ketu in Houses
Ketu, also known as Dragon's Tail or South Node, represents grandparents, technical trades, spiritual inclinations, superstitions, and electronics.
Its color is brown, and its gem is cat's eye.
Ketu takes approximately 1.5 years to travel through a sign and completes the round of the zodiac in 18 months.
Ketu indicates the maternal grandfather and is also an indicator of imprisonment.
It signifies magical power, fire, accidents, changing events, broken relationships, renunciation, and spiritual pursuits.
Ketu is associated with punishment, imprisonment, fear complexes, allergies, and salvation.
Ketu in Different Houses
1st house
The native will be ungrateful, unhappy, deceitful, and associated with undesirable persons.
They will have an afflicted body and lose their position.
They will be worried about their spouse and kids.
The native will have confusion, instability, and frequent changes in decisions.
2nd house
The native will be a bad speaker and prone to fraud and deception.
They may suffer losses through fraudulent activities.
Success is likely in spiritual activities, navigation, mystical arts, and the medical profession.
They may lack wealth and education.
Ketu with Mars or the Sun will further decrease eyesight.
If Ketu is with benefics, the native will have a wonderful and soft speech.
3rd house
Ketu in the 3rd house indicates a strong, adventurous, and reckless person.
The native will be wealthy, powerful, long-lived, and reputed.
They may suffer loss of brothers, anxiety, fear, and loss of friends.
4th house
The native's mother will be in distress unless associated with a benefic planet.
They may live in someone else’s house.
There will be losses related to the mother, land, happiness, and grain fields.
They may have to leave their native place.
5th house
The native will suffer from loss of children and may be of an evil nature.
Stomach ailments are likely.
They may experience "Pishacha Badha" (possessions or spiritual disturbances).
They will remain dependent on others despite being courageous.
They will have strange and peculiar experiences, becoming spiritual later in life.
6th house
Ketu in the 6th house is considered auspicious as it gives fame and authority.
The native will not have enemies, be intuitive, and possess occult powers.
They will be generous, determined, famous, and authoritative.
7th house
The person may have an unhappy marriage and indulge in immoral activities.
There is a likelihood of abdominal or uterine cancer.
They may face humiliation, indulge in affairs, and be separated from their spouse.
Intestinal disorders are likely.
8th house
Ketu in the 8th house indicates immense wealth and a long life.
If afflicted, the person covets others' wealth and may engage in multiple relationships.
They may be separated from loved ones, be quarrelsome, and face obstacles.
They may possess spiritual experiences and occult powers.
Relationships with in-laws will be bad, and the spouse may have a short life or face illnesses.
There will be frequent accidents involving weapons.
9th house
The native will be sinful, perform un-pious deeds, be fatherless, unfortunate, and poor.
They will be interested in spirituality and occult sciences.
Fortune will be limited, and obstacles will be common.
Issues with the father and younger brothers are likely.
10th house
The person will be clever, bold, well-known, and strong.
They will face many obstacles throughout life.
They may indulge in sinful deeds but gain fame for their courage.
Life will be distressing and unfortunate.
11th house
The native will accumulate wealth and enjoy all comforts.
They will succeed in all undertakings.
Their children may face unfortunate circumstances.
Ketu in the 11th house causes financial losses in speculation, such as lottery, horse racing, and the stock exchange.
12th house
Ketu in the 12th house indicates a restless and wandering mind.
The native may go away and work in a foreign country.
They will commit sins secretly and incur expenses for evil purposes.
Eye troubles are possible.
If aspected by or placed with Jupiter, Ketu in the 12th house supports spiritual pursuits.
