Moon
Qualities signified by Chandra.
Moon represents mother as a relationship.
All businesses related to water, milk, females, education, etc., are determined by the Moon.
Silver is the element of the Moon.
The direction of the Moon is north-west.
The sign in which your Moon is placed in the birth chart is called your Janma Rasi.
The star constellation in which your Moon is placed is called your Janma Nakshatra.
Moon in different houses
1st house
Mind rules the body.
Very moody and fickle-minded.
These people are attention-seeking and concerned about their personality.
These people are wealthy and beautiful.
Self-centered.
2nd house
Family-oriented.
Money-minded and intelligent in financial matters.
Wealthy and has a tendency to earn more.
Fond of liquid food.
Speak softly and babble sometimes.
3rd house
These people ask many questions but are not able to execute.
Have a lot of dreams during the early morning.
Love traveling.
Speak less.
Possess some creative talent.
Go into a trance very fast.
Good observers.
4th house
Not good since it causes Karkabhavnasham.
Bad relationship with mother or lack of care for mother's emotions.
Loss of mother if very badly placed.
Very fond of pleasure and the opposite sex.
Generally sad and have disturbed sleep.
5th house
They dream more about past lives.
Very emotional about kids.
If the Moon is ill-placed, they are deprived of kids.
Good education and sharp learners.
Good sadhaks, love mantras.
6th house
Most diseases are caused by their mind, not in reality.
Trouble in relationships, especially with their spouse.
Easily get into negativity.
Prone to mental disorders.
7th house
Good house for the Moon; their partners are caring.
Very wealthy.
Caring and beautiful.
Possess some creative talents.
8th house
Baalrishta Yoga, not good for health.
Doubts always remain in the mind.
Prone to mental disorders.
Closeness to in-laws.
Interested in research, mysticism, tantra, mantra, and astrology.
9th house
Generally, have long journeys.
Work related to the navy or water.
Spiritual in nature, love doing religious deeds.
10th house
Work or professions keep changing.
Love to work.
Good planners but poor executors.
Imagine everything about work even before starting.
Good for poets, songwriters, and storywriters.
Good for transport and creative jobs.
11th house
They have more opposite-gender friends than same-gender ones.
Their desire fulfillment is very powerful.
They are always welcomed and desired by people.
People-friendly.
12th house
Not good for mental health, creates disorders.
Easily gets into negativity.
Spendthrifts.
They will take advice from everyone but do what they want.
Easily get into depression.

