Venus
Venus or Shukra is the "Daityaguru" or the guru of the demons.
He represents spouse, sex life, kidneys and sex organs, dance, music, arts, gems and jewelers, wines, bars, gambling places, acting, fashion, cosmetics and beauty products.
Its metal is silver, gem is diamond, direction is south-east and color is white.
Venus takes about a month to travel through a sign.
Venus is the owner of Vrishabh and Tula and has only the 7th aspect.
Venus in different houses
1st house
Very beautiful, intelligent, wealthy, and good qualities.
He will be interested in creative jobs, songs, and music.
Will have a beautiful house and all pleasures.
If Venus is in conjunction with a benefic, the native will have a lustrous body shining like gold and will own many ornaments.
If Venus is associated with or aspected by a malefic or is in its sign of debilitation (Virgo), the native will be a thief and a cheat and will suffer from rheumatic and phlegmatic diseases.
2nd house
Seek pleasure from the family and money.
They will be lavish and will love luxury.
The native will be wealthy, will have a family, will get good food to eat, will have attractive eyes, and will be of humble nature, kind-hearted and helpful to others.
These people will be particular about their food.
Will be interested in females.
He will help others through money.
3rd house
Will have love for others.
Will have more sisters and fewer brothers.
Problems in eyes, soft-speaking.
Will love to wear neat and clean clothes.
4th house
This is one of the best positions for Venus, as not only does Venus give cars, houses, and lots of assets, it also gives peace in the home environment.
The person will have a beautiful and luxurious home.
Many cars, homes, and jewelry.
Interested in other females.
Work related to the creative field.
5th house
Talented in art, craft, and music.
Will be interested in media and entertainment.
This is also the best placement for experiencing romance throughout life; even after marriage, your spouse will be your newly found mate.
The partner will also be very lavish and fond of luxuries.
6th house
Diseases related to water, kidneys, and skin.
Problems in marriage.
Knowledge of spiritual texts.
Jobs will be in the creative field or finance.
Love for pets.
7th house
Love, affection, and partners are sources of success.
Successful after marriage, good married life.
Spouse will be good and attractive.
Beautiful body, happy and blessed with happiness.
Native is passionate, sexy, and interested in the opposite sex.
8th house
Good for age, long-lived.
Interested in psychic research.
Venus gives lots of wealth through the family of the spouse.
It makes the native lord of some institution and gives easy loans from banks and family.
Secret relationships.
Good for the age of the partner also.
Can have a non-vegetarian eating tendency.
9th house
Good placement will make the person spiritual and a devotee.
Will be fond of pundits, and love to travel.
Can marry outside the caste or religion.
Will be difficult for him to follow religious rules.
10th house
Work related to the creative field.
Beautiful body.
He will be powerful and full of prosperity.
He will be dealing more with females than males.
11th house
Blessed with the best of qualities.
Will perform Yagya.
Very beautiful, happy.
Loves humor and will be interested in interactions.
Fond of the opposite sex and rich.
12th house
Venus is the only planet that gives the best results in the 12th house.
Stay in a foreign land.
Blessed with all prosperity, houses, and cars.
Will be very interested in females.
The person will have diseases in childhood.
More interested in material and sexual pleasures.
